Update changelog.txt (#2723)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.33.0
==========
### New Features

> **OBO now performs refresh token flow** eliminating AcquireTokenSilent/ GetAccounts from OBO scenario. See issue [#2623](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2623)
> **Added monitoring flags for global stats**. See issue [#2646](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2646)
> **MSAL now provide routing information to CCS**. See issue [#2525](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2525)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**On-Behalf-Of flow logic now performs refresh token flow** eliminating the need to call `AcquireTokenSilent` and `GetAccounts` from OBO scenarios. See issue [#2623](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2623).
**Added monitoring flags for global stats**. See issue [#2646](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2646).
**MSAL.NET adds CCS routing information for interactive requests using client info.**. See issue [#2525](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2525) and PR [#2687](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/2687).
```
